# fabfive
covid crisis
COVID-19 PANDEMIC
         Once  the coronavirus pandemic hit, there is a massive reduction in  all call centers. Meanwhile, inbound calls were rising as more residents began seeking reliable covid-related guidance and medical information. In times of crisis, technologies come handy to prevent, cure or monitor any catastrophic occurrence. Today, when the coronavirus outbreak is at its peak risking many lives across the globe, doctors, hospitals and researchers are employing disruptive technologies to combat the pandemic. As artificial intelligence (AI), big data analytics and robotics are proving their usefulness in various healthcare facilities, chatbots become even more popular as a guiding tool for people to go through coronavirus assessment and queries on their own. 
THE CHATBOT
            The Chatbot (Watson Assistant for Citizens), which IBM had started offering to governments and health-care organizations.The newest generation of chatbots and voice-based agents are easier to build, faster to deploy, and more responsive to user inquiries. Once adopted, in other words, these systems will likely be here to stay, proving their value through their ease of use and affordability.It is  easy for clients to spin up chat or voice-based agents that act a lot like Alexa or Siri. When users text or call in, they are free to speak in open-ended sentences. The system then uses natural-language processing to parse their “intent” and responds with the appropriate scripted answer or reroutes them to a human agent. For queries that can’t be answered automatically, the algorithms group similar ones together to show the most commonly missed intents. “The nice thing about the technology is that it somewhat learns what types of questions are being asked, so we can plug them in; we can program it after the fact,” 
GOAL 
          The goal of the systems is to get as many queries as possible answered by the virtual agents before any calls are handed over to humans. This reduces the burden on call centers and the wait times for users. It also reduces the need for expensive human agents.

